# Feedback-System-With-Sentimental-Analysis
Feedback System With Sentimental Analysis


1. bcryptjs: used for hashing a data
2. @hapi/joi: used to validate data recieved from api call
3. express: a js based back end web application framework for Node.js
4. jsonwebtoken: used for creating tokens during jwt-authentication
5. react: a JavaScript library for building user interfaces or UI components.
6. @material-ui: used for faster and easier web development
7. redux: a JavaScript library for managing application state.
8. axios: provides promise based HTTP client for the browser and node.js
9. jwt-decode: used for decoding the tokens generated by jsonwebtoken during authentication
10. react-moment: used for manipulation of date-time formats
11. react-recaptcha: used for adding google recaptcha to frontend
12. mui-datatables: used for adding datatables with multiple features


First of all, admin needs to create a feedback form by selecting the feedback form and the teacher. Then admin needs to select the student whom needs to fill the form and then emails are sent to those students. Student will click on that form and will answer all questions and then clicks submit. Once all students reponses are stored in database, admin need to click *Generate Report* button. On clicking this our psychological module will start running which will predict the score of student based on his answers of psychological section. The students with lower score will not be considered for the analysis. So, the responses of those student with higher score will be provided as a input to analysis module which will store its result into database and then report will be generated 

About flass Modules and its requirement. It is not part of MERN project, its totally different module/server which is used as API for NLP library and other Python Modules. 
